docs(js): Review and  update Express Quick Start guide (#14218)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-verify/javascript.express.mdx

### Issues

> First, let's verify that Sentry captures errors and creates issues in your Sentry project. Add the following code snippet to your main application file that defines a route that triggers an error when called:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, let’s make sure Sentry is correctly capturing errors and creating issues in your project. Add the following code snippet to your main application file; it defines a route that will deliberately trigger an error when called:
```
